1.   In the below elements which of them are values or an      expression? eg:- values can be
     integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.

     *       - expression
     'hello' - vlaues
     -87.8   - values
     -       - expression
     /         - expression
     +       - expression

2.   What is the difference between string and variable?
Ans. string is a sequence of characters enclosed in quotes. 
     eg - 'danish' , "chiransh"
   
     whereas variable is a name given to a memory location in a program.
     eg - a=30 , b="Danish"
     
3.   Describe three different data types.
Ans. There are the following data types:
     1.Integer
     2.Floating point numbers
     3.Strings
     4.Booleans
     5.None
     
     Integers - itegers are a whole number, positive or          negative, of unlimited length.
      eg - a = 1, b = 2
  
     Floating point numbers - floating point numbers are positive or negative numbers containing one or more decimals.
     eg - a= 2.3 , b= 2.7
     
     Strings -  string is a sequence of characters enclosed in quotes. 
     eg - 'danish' , "chiransh"
     
4.   What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Ans. an expression is made up of identifiers, operators , constants and variables.
     expression are representations of value.

5.   This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
Ans. an expression returns a value which can be printed on the screen .
     on the other hand, a statement is a line of code that will not print any value onto the screen 

6.   After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
     bacon = 22
     bacon + 1
Ans. It will return 23 
 
7.   What should the values of the following two terms be?
     'spam' + 'spamspam'
     'spam'*3
Ans. They will have the same value 'spamspamspam'.

8.   Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Ans. 100 is invalid because we cannot start variable name as integer it should start with alphabets like danish,dan565. 

9.   What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
Ans. integer - int()
     float   - float()
     string  - input()

10.  Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
     'I have eaten'  + 99 +  'burritos.'
Ans. We can add only same data type that's why this expression is causing error since we'r adding integer to string.
     correct expression - 'I have eaten'  + '99' +  'burritos.'











